https://www.reddit.com/r/firefox/wiki/switching-to-firefox/release-channels#wiki_android

Android
On Android, you have more options, depending on your needs:

Firefox: Also known as Fennec. This is the current version of Firefox on Android. It is a full featured web browser with the Gecko engine (like on Firefox desktop), with support for add-ons to extend the browser in many ways. Feature Fennec development has ended in favor of Firefox Preview (see below), but will continue to receive updates until sometime in 2020. Once Firefox Preview is ready, Firefox app will be updated to start using it.

It is also available on F-Droid if you don't want to use Google Play.

You should use this version if you want more customization or support for more extensions.

Firefox Beta: Also known as Fenix. This is the next version of Firefox on Android. It is a full featured web browser with the Gecko engine, built to be faster and more Android-native (using GeckoView). This browser is in beta, so report any feedback or issues you have.

If you would rather download an APK, you can do that too directly from GitHub Releases. Keep in mind that manually installed APKs do not auto-update.

You should use this version if you don't need much customization or want to use uBlock Origin, Dark Reader, HTTPS Everywhere, NoScript, Privacy Badger or Search by Image extensions. Better customization and support for more extensions are coming in the future.

Firefox Nightly: Nightly version of Firefox Preview (Fenix), released almost every day. Meant for developers of users who want to try latest and unstable features.

If you would rather download an APK, you can do that too directly from Firefox CI service. Keep in mind that manually installed APKs from CI do not auto-update and can be unstable.

Firefox Focus: Firefox Focus, also known as Firefox Klar in German-speaking countries, blocks trackers by default and doesn't save history, passwords and cookies. It also doesn't have Firefox Sync support. Unlike in iOS, it offers tabbed browsing. Since it doesn't save your history, it is a good browser if you want to do some online shopping or if you want to watch some videos you wouldn't want anyone else to know about. It uses GeckoView.

Firefox Preview and Firefox Preview Nightly: Temporary apps, used during development of Firefox Preview (Fenix). Since April 2020, they are the same as Firefox Beta and Firefox Nightly.

You should not use them, use Firefox Beta or Firefox Nightly instead. Preview apps will be eventually removed from Play Store.

Last revised by nextbern
 - 11 days ago
